README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DLindustries/D-hand-mod?style=flat" alt="issues">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLV3-green" alt="License">
    <img src="https://tokei.rs/b1/github/DLindustries/D-hand-mod?category=code&style=flat" alt="Lines of code">
</p>

[![Github Release Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/DLindustries/D-hand-mod/total?label=Github%20Release%20Downloads&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/20laid/D-hand-mod/releases)

## mod demo:
https://youtu.be/LWGSCFc2Mb4



[YouTube](https://youtube.com/@quoly)

<a href="https://discord.gg/yynpznJVkC"><img src="https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/yynpznJVkC" alt="https://discord.gg/yynpznJVkC"/></a><br>

</div>

D-hand-mod is a free open source Cpvp utillity for 1.19+

## Issues

If you notice any bugs or missing features, you can let us know by opening an issue [here](https://github.com/DLindustries/D-hand-mod/issues).

## License

This project is subject to the [GNU General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html). This does only apply for source code located directly in this clean repository. During the development and compilation process, additional source code may be used to which we have obtained no rights. Such code is not covered by the GPL license.

For those who are unfamiliar with the license, here is a summary of its main points. This is by no means legal advice nor legally binding.

**Actions that you are allowed to do:**

- Use
- Share
- Modify

**If you do decide to use ANY code from the source:**

- **You must disclose the source code of your modified work and the source code you took from this project. This means you are not allowed to use code from this project (even partially) in a closed-source (or even obfuscated) application.**
- **Your modified application must also be licensed under the GPL.**

## Developing D-hand-mod

D-hand-mod uses Gradle to build the client. Install the latest version of Gradle onto your computer and install IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate, or use the free community edition.

1. Clone the repository using `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/DLindustries/D-hand-mod`.
2. CD into the local repository with the command `cd D-hand-mod`.
3. Run `./gradlew genSources`.
4. Open the folder in IntelliJ — feel free to recode the client.
5. To build, simply run `./gradlew build` or create a run configuration for Gradle with the build command.
6. Enjoy D-hand-mod! :D

## Addition info

Marlowww's crystal optimizer is built in to the mod

## Contributing

We appreciate contributions. So if you want to support us, feel free to make changes to D-hand-mod's source code and submit a pull request

TY ps please spread the message about this mod.
<div align="center">

[![-preview](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/94d9321d-fc39-4f99-9f0e-593fe977b920)](https://www.youtube.com/@Quoly)



## Stats

![Repobeats analytics image](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/63b90c11eafcb6a769c328d8a7f9afb5556dd3ca.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

Commit message:

update source code to version 1.1.0
key notes: marlowww optimizer removed
renamed CpvpUtilsMod to dhandmod

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DLindustries/D-hand-mod?style=flat" alt="issues">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLV3-green" alt="License">
    <img src="https://tokei.rs/b1/github/DLindustries/D-hand-mod?category=code&style=flat" alt="Lines of code">
</p>

[![Github Release Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/DLindustries/D-hand-mod/total?label=Github%20Release%20Downloads&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/20laid/D-hand-mod/releases)

## mod demo:
https://youtu.be/LWGSCFc2Mb4





[YouTube](https://youtube.com/@quoly)

<a href="https://discord.gg/yynpznJVkC"><img src="https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/yynpznJVkC" alt="https://discord.gg/yynpznJVkC"/></a><br>

</div>

D-hand-mod is a free open source Cpvp utillity for 1.19+

## Issues

If you notice any bugs or missing features, you can let us know by opening an issue [here](https://github.com/DLindustries/D-hand-mod/issues).

## License

This project is subject to the [GNU General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html). This does only apply for source code located directly in this clean repository. During the development and compilation process, additional source code may be used to which we have obtained no rights. Such code is not covered by the GPL license.

For those who are unfamiliar with the license, here is a summary of its main points. This is by no means legal advice nor legally binding.

**Actions that you are allowed to do:**

- Use
- Share
- Modify

**If you do decide to use ANY code from the source:**

- **You must disclose the source code of your modified work and the source code you took from this project. This means you are not allowed to use code from this project (even partially) in a closed-source (or even obfuscated) application.**
- **Your modified application must also be licensed under the GPL.**

## Developing D-hand-mod

D-hand-mod uses Gradle to build the client. Install the latest version of Gradle onto your computer and install IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate, or use the free community edition.

1. Clone the repository using `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/DLindustries/D-hand-mod`.
2. CD into the local repository with the command `cd D-hand-mod`.
3. Run `./gradlew genSources`.
4. Open the folder in IntelliJ — feel free to recode the client.
5. To build, simply run `./gradlew build` or create a run configuration for Gradle with the build command.
6. Enjoy D-hand-mod! :D

## Addition info

Marlowww's crystal optimizer is NOT built into the mod anymore, unsupported from version 1.1.0 and beyond

## Contributing

We appreciate contributions. So if you want to support us, feel free to make changes to D-hand-mod's source code and submit a pull request

TY ps please spread the message about this mod.
<div align="center">

[![-preview](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/94d9321d-fc39-4f99-9f0e-593fe977b920)](https://www.youtube.com/@Quoly)



## Stats

![Repobeats analytics image](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/63b90c11eafcb6a769c328d8a7f9afb5556dd3ca.svg "Repobeats analytics image")
